# GENERAL SETTINGS
border.width: 1
padding.width: 10
padding.height: 7
window.handle.width: 0
window.client.padding.width: 0
window.client.padding.height: 0
border.color: #cccccc
window.active.title.separator.color: #1f1f1f
window.inactive.title.separator.color: #1f1f1f
window.label.text.justify: center

# MENU SETTINGS
menu.title.bg: flat
menu.title.bg.color: $MENU_TITLE_BG
menu.title.text.color: #000000
menu.title.text.justify: center
menu.items.bg: flat solid
menu.items.bg.color: #EFEFEF
menu.items.bg.border.color: #EFEFEF
menu.items.text.color: #000000
menu.items.justify: left
menu.items.disabled.text.color: #757575
menu.bullet.image.color: #000000
menu.bullet.selected.image.color: #c7c7c7
menu.items.active.bg: flat border
menu.items.active.bg.color: $MENU_ITEM_ACTIVE_BG
menu.items.active.bg.border.color: $MENU_ITEM_ACTIVE_BG
menu.items.active.text.color: #000000

# FOCUSED WINDOWS
window.active.client.color: #464646
window.active.title.bg: focus: flat
window.active.title.bg.color: #E8E8E8
window.active.title.bg.border.color: #1F1F1F
window.active.handle.bg: flat
window.active.handle.bg.color: #adadad
window.active.grip.bg: flat
window.active.grip.bg.color: #818181
window.active.label.bg: parentrelative
window.active.label.text.color:  #000000

# UNFOCUSED WINDOWS
window.inactive.border.color: #171717
window.inactive.client.color: #9b9b9b
window.inactive.title.bg: flat
window.inactive.title.bg.color: #B8B8B8
window.inactive.handle.bg: flat
window.inactive.handle.bg.color: #b3b3b3
window.inactive.grip.bg: flat
window.inactive.grip.bg.color: #b3b3b3
window.inactive.label.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.label.text.color: #4c4c4c

# DISABLED BUTTONS
window.active.button.disabled.bg: flat
window.active.button.disabled.bg.color: #E8E8E8
window.active.button.disabled.image.color: #4c4c4c
window.inactive.button.disabled.bg: flat
window.inactive.button.disabled.bg.color: #B8B8B8
window.inactive.button.disabled.image.color: #4c4c4c

# TOGGLED BUTTONS
window.active.button.toggled.bg: flat
window.active.button.toggled.bg.color: #E8E8E8
window.active.button.toggled.image.color: #000000
window.inactive.button.toggled.bg: flat
window.inactive.button.toggled.bg.color: #B8B8B8
window.inactive.button.toggled.image.color: #4c4c4c

# UNPRESSED ACTIVE BUTTONS
window.active.button.unpressed.bg: flat
window.active.button.unpressed.bg.color: #E8E8E8
window.active.button.unpressed.image.color: #000000
window.active.button.close.unpressed.image.color: $WINDOW_ACTIVE_CLOSE_BUTTON_UNPRESSED_FG

# UNPRESSED INACTIVE BUTTONS
window.inactive.button.unpressed.bg: flat
window.inactive.button.unpressed.bg.color: #B8B8B8
window.inactive.button.unpressed.image.color: #4c4c4c

# HOVERED ACTIVE BUTTONS
window.active.button.iconify.hover.image.color: #adadad
window.active.button.max.hover.image.color: #adadad
window.active.button.max.toggled.hover.image.color: #adadad
window.active.button.close.hover.image.color: $WINDOW_ACTIVE_CLOSE_BUTTON_HOVERED_FG

# PRESSED ACTIVE BUTTONS
window.active.button.pressed.bg: parentrelative
window.active.button.pressed.image.color: #8d8d8d
window.active.button.close.pressed.image.color: $WINDOW_ACTIVE_CLOSE_BUTTON_PRESSED_FG

# PRESSED INACTIVE BUTTONS
window.inactive.button.pressed.bg: flat
window.inactive.button.pressed.bg.color: parentrelative